[SUPERSCREEN] Privacy Policy


Last update: [2023-12-28]

Welcome to [SUPERSCREEN] (the "Platform")!

We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the basis on which we process any personal data (“information that identifies or is associated with you”) that we collect from you, or that you provide to us via the Platform and our hardware(glasses), applications, websites and services( collectively, the "Services"). It does not apply to other products or services that display or reference a different privacy policy.

The Platform is provided and controlled by Beijing SUPERSCREEN Century Technology co.,Ltd. with its registered address at [Room 1022, Floor 1, Area A, South 1, Anning Zhuang Hou Street, Haidian District, Beijing] ("we" or "us") . If you have any questions about how we use your personal data, please contact us via the methods described in the 'Contact' section of this Privacy Policy.

1. Personal data we collect
When you interact with our Platform, the information we collect depends on how you use our services and the choices you make. More information about the categories and sources of information is provided below.

Information You Choose to Provide. For certain activities, such as when you register, upload or share pictures or video via the Platform,or contact us directly, you may provide some or all of the following information:

User generated content. When you use the camera and microphones on the device, we collect the content you create through the Platform, including picture or video recordings and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and what types of content was created). However, we will NOT upload that data to our servers and it will only be stored in the device or your mobile App locally.
Account Information. When you register an account to use our Services, you will provide account information such as your email address and the country you are located in. We will also process your user ID and password for the purposes of your access to the Services.
Correspondence Information. When you communicate with us, we will receive details such as the content of your communication with us, including interactions via our feedback email, content you submit through the in-app feedback channel.
Information We Collect Automatically. We may collect information automatically when you use our services, including:

Device information. This includes information about the type of device you are dusing, such as glasses device and mobile device. We may collect certain identifiers that are unique to your device, for example, we automatically assign you a unique ID when you use our Sevices , and we also collect device identifiers such as android ID or IDFV/IDFA(with your permission) for the service delivery purposes listed in the next section. We also collect information about the device you use, such as the device brand and model, your operating system and version, the language or timezone of your system, and the screen or performance information(battery/disk/RAM usage) as well.
Usage Data. We automatically log your activity on the Platform, including your log in and out of our services, how you interact with different features within the device and application, for example, your click or share records through the mobile App, or how many pictures or video you have downloaded to your mobile device.
Geolocation Data. We collect your geolocation data based on your device and network information, such as information about your local wireless network and your IP address.
Troubleshooting Information. We collect your troubleshooting information such as crash logs which may contain your user ID, device information, and application information to help us identify possible issues.
2. How we use your information
We use your personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:

To provide Services delivery. We use your personal information to:

Create accounts for you;
Make the connection to your device with the mobile app in a reliable and stable manner;
Provide you with basic product functions, such as camera capture, file transfer between different terminals, as well as editing function.
To improve our Services. We also use the information we collect to improve our Services. For example, we use the information to:
Respond to your requests, questions, and feedback;
Identify and address technical issues, including crashes and other malfunctions on the platform; and
Conduct and analyse the way you interact with our Services in order to improve and develop our features.
To comply with applicable law. We may use your personal information to:
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as responding to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Exercise our rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures;
Protect our, your or others' rights, privacy, safety, or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
Audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies;
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Platform; and
Prevent, identify, investigate, and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical, or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
3. How we share your information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and therefore we will NOT sell your personal information to any third parties, we want you to understand we may share your personal information with the parties below, with other third parties with your consent, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection, for business purposes.

Service providers. Companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Services or our business to facilitate the provision of such services. For example,

We may share information with third-party vendors and service providers that help us perform our business operations. For example, we provide information and content to providers of cloud service, database maintenance and other service providers such as Automatic Speech Recognition provided by Google.
Professional advisors. Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Authorities. We may share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organizations if legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:

Comply with a legal obligation, process or request (including tax and related reporting requirements);
Enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
Detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
Protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
Sale or merger. We may also disclose your information to third parties:

in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
if we sell, buy, merge, are acquired by, or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our business. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred parts of the business.
4. Your choices and rights
We fully respect your right to control your data, and you can control your personal data that we have obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting us via the methods described in 'Contact' section of this Privacy Policy.

Depending on the nature of the rights you would like to exercise, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your request, and you have the following rights:

Access Your Data: You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm if we process your personal data and for a copy of your personal data.
Delete Your Data: You can ask us to delete all or some of your personal data.
Change or Correct Data: You can ask us to change or correct your data. You can also make changes using the controls and settings provided in our Services.
Revoking your consent. If we have asked for your consent to collect, use, or share your personal information, you can revoke it by contacting us via the methods described in 'Contact' section of this Privacy Policy or changing your choice and consent in our Services. We will process such requests within a reasonably prompt timeframe after receipt and your revocation will become effective once processing is complete, until which time we will continue to handle your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Other. You may also have a right to oppose, request a copy of your authorization, file complaints before the competent authorities, limit our collection and use of your personal information, and potentially others, depending on the jurisdictions where you are located. Please contact us via the details provided in the Complaints section if you would like to exercise any of your rights. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification.
5. Where we store your personal data
We keep your personal data stored safely on our server located in the United States.

However, as we provide our Service on a global basis, this means your data may also be processed by staff operating outside your country who work for us, for one of our suppliers or one of our business partners. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy and applicable law.

6. How long we keep your personal data
We retain your personal information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the Services, to comply with our contractual relationship and the respective legal obligations, and for internal business purposes. For example, we might retain such data as necessary to prevent fraud or future misuse, for record keeping or other legitimate business purposes, or as required by law.

Where we do not need your information in order to provide the service to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data, if allowed by the applicable laws. However, there are occasions where we are likely to keep this data for longer in accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.

We may also retain and use information that is anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer reasonably identify specific individuals.

7. The security of your personal data
We take appropriate technical and organizational measures to help protect personal data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform; Any transmission is at your own risk. To help us protect personal data, we request that you use a strong password and never share your password with anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts.

Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.

8. Information relating to children
The Services is not directed at children under the age of 16. If you believe that we have personal data about or collected from a user under the relevant age, please contact us at [liuw086@foxmail.com]. Once we become aware that we have collected personal data from inappropriate age users, we will delete this data as quickly as possible.

9. Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal data, please contact us in the first instance at [liuw086@foxmail.com] and we will endeavor to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with your data protection authority or follow the dispute resolution process provided in the Terms of Service.

10. Changes to this Policy
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any material changes to this policy, such as through a notice on our Services, however, you should look at this policy regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the "Last Updated" date at the top of this policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. Your continued access to or use of the Services after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the updated policy.

11. Contact
If you have any questions, comments and requests regarding this policy, you're welcome to contact us by email at [liuw086@foxmail.com] or write us at [Room 1022, Floor 1, Area A, South 1, Anning Zhuang Hou Street, Haidian District, Beijing]
